# Project 2

## Introduction

For this project, you will still be working with the Bigmart Sales dataset that we used for project 1. In this project, you will use plotting to visualize some of the data relationships, and create a linear model to process the data and, ultimately, predict item outlet sales.

## The Data

The data in 'data.csv' has already been cleaned and feature engineered to be ready for processing. In other words, this data is the direct result of doing everything in project 1, so you don't have to unnecesarily do all those steps again.

There are a few differences between the data you have here and your result from project 1:

- Item_Fat_Content now has 3 possible values: Low Fat, Regular, and Non Edible.
- Item_Type has been merged from 16 unique values into just 3: Food, Non-Consumable, and Drinks, to keep the size of the resulting dummy columns low.
- The 2 ID columns, Item_Identifier and Outlet_Identifier, have been removed, since they won't be used in the model.

## Instructions

Below are the steps you have to follow for this project. Use the template code in `project2.py` to guide you for each step.

### Step 1: Preliminary Setup

In this step, you will use plotting to show the correlation (if any) between the various numerical features in our dataset.

Your tasks are as follows:

#### Task 1: Import the necessary packages

Import the required packages you will use for this project. The packages you need are:

- numpy
- pandas
- matplotlib.pyplot
- the scikit learn packages for linear regression and train test split

Then, import the data csv file into a pandas dataframe.

#### Task 2: Correlation Table

Use the pandas corr function to create a correlation table between each of the *numerical* features in the dataset.

#### Task 3: Correlation Heatmap

Use matplotlib to plot the correlation table from the previous task as a heatmap, using the imshow function. You can use whichever colormap you want, or stick with the one shown in the lecture. Make sure the heatmap includes these things:

- axis labels for both axes (the labels should be the feature names)
- each 'pixel', or cell, in the image should have a label showing the correlation value for that cell, e.g. 0.54 or -0.72, etc. (the values in the correlation table). Round the values to 2 decimal places.

When you correctly plot the heatmap, you should notice some features have extremely high correlation numbers.

List which features are highly correlated to each other, and give the reason why.

### Step 2: Model Creation

In this step, you will train a linear regression model on the dataset features, and test your model to see how good it is at predicting sales.

#### Task 1: Split the dataset

First, remove the Item_Outlet_Sales column from the dataset and store it separately as a single series.
Then, use the scikit learn library's train test split module, as shown in class, to split the input and output data into two sets: one for training, and one for testing.
Use an 80-20 split for training-testing.

#### Task 2: Train the model

Create a linear regression model, and use the 'fit' function to model the training data.

### Step 3: Evaluating the results

#### Task 1: Test the model

Now that the linear model is trained, test how it performs. Use the 'score' function, passing in the test input data, and comparing the results with the test output data.

#### Task 2: Plot the coefficients

The coefficients that the linear model assigns to each of our feature variables tells us which ones were the most impactful in predicting the final output, and which ones did not have much impact.

Your task is to take the array of coefficients generated by the linear model and plot them on a **bar graph**. Make sure your plot follows these conditions:

- The plot has a title
- X axis is labeled with the name of the column